Release 1.36.1 (#3206)
teemtee/tmt: docs/releases.rst

======================

tmt-1.36.1
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

tmt will now put SSH master control socket into ``ssh-socket``
subdirectory of a workdir. Originally, sockets were stored in
``/run/user/$UID`` directory, but this path led to conflicts when
multiple tmt instances shared sockets incorrectly. A fix landed in
1.36 that put sockets into ``provision`` subdirectory of each plan,

> but this solution will break for plans with longer names because of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but this solution breaks plans with longer names because of
```
tiny nitpick
